CON-1050: Update doc for Netskope REST APIv2 (#1268)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/netskope-source.md

## Getting a token from Netskope Portal

### Netskope REST API v2 

Netskope REST APIv2 provides an easy way to extend the Netskope platform to build to use-cases specific to your organization. Endpoints cover key areas such as Events, Alerts, Reports, Clients and more. 

To obtain a Netskope REST API v2 auth token, do the following:

1. Log in to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v2**.

> 1. Click "New Token", provide the token name and expiration duration, then add the following endpoints with READ privilege:

Reviewer: 1. Log in to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v2**.
1. Click "New Token", provide the token name and expiration duration, then add the following endpoints with READ privilege: `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/page`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/infrastructure`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/application`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/network`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert/audit` and `/api/v2/events/data/alert`

> 1. Log in to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
> 1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v2**.
> 1. Click "New Token", provide the token name and expiration duration, then add the following endpoints with READ privilege:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v2**.
1. Click "New Token", provide the token name and expiration duration, then add the following endpoints with READ privilege: `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/page`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/infrastructure`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/application`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/network`, `/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert/audit` and `/api/v2/events/data/alert`
```

1. Copy the token in the next dialog box and save it somewhere as it won't be visible after.

> ### Netskope REST API v1 (Deprecated, for Sumo Logic Netskope source v1.3.1 or lower)
> Netskope RESTv1 APIs use an auth token to make authorized calls to the
> API. This section demonstrates how to obtain a token from the Netskope
> user interface (UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Netskope REST API v1 (Deprecated)

:::caution Deprecated
For Sumo Logic Netskope source v1.3.1 or lower.
:::

Netskope RESTv1 APIs use an auth token to make authorized calls to the API. This section demonstrates how to obtain a token from the Netskope user interface (UI).
```

## Getting a token from Netskope Portal

### Netskope REST API v2 

Netskope REST APIv2 provides an easy way to extend the Netskope platform to build to use-cases specific to your organization. Endpoints cover key areas such as Events, Alerts, Reports, Clients and more. 

To obtain a Netskope REST API v2 auth token, do the following:

> 1. Login to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
> 1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings \> Tools \> Rest API v2**.
> 1. Click "New Token", provide the token name, expiration duration and add the following endpoints with READ privilege:
> /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert, /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/page, /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/infrastructure, /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/application, /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/network,/api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert/audit and /api/v2/events/data/alert 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.
1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v2**.
1. Click "New Token", provide the token name and expiration duration, then add the following endpoints with READ privilege:
  ```
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/page 
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/infrastructure
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/application
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/network
  /api/v2/events/dataexport/events/alert/audit
  /api/v2/events/data/alert 
  ```
```

1. Copy the token in the next dialog box and save it somewhere as it won't be visible after.

### Netskope REST API v1 (Deprecated, for Sumo Logic Netskope source v1.3.1 or lower)
Netskope RESTv1 APIs use an auth token to make authorized calls to the
API. This section demonstrates how to obtain a token from the Netskope
user interface (UI).

To obtain a Netskope auth token, do the following:

1. Login to Netskope as the Tenant Admin.

> 1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings \> Tools \> Rest API v1**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the API portion of the Netskope, **Settings** > **Tools** > **Rest API v1**.
```
